Write SQL Queries for the above database:
1 Get Full details of all projects.

2 Get Full details of all projects in London.

3 Get supplier numbers for suppliers who supply projects J1.

4 Get all shipments where the quantity is in the range 300 to 750 inclusive.

5 Get all part-color/part-city pairs. Note : Here and subsequently, the terms “all” means “all currently
represented in the database, “ not “all possible”.

6 Get all supplier -number/part- number/project- number triples such that the indicated supplier, part and
project are all collocated (i.e. all in the same city).

7 Get all supplier -number/part- number/project- number triples such that the indicated supplier, part
and project are not all collocated.

8 Get all supplier -number/part- number/project- number triples such that no two of the indicated
supplier, part and project are collocated.

9 Get full details for parts supplied by the supplier in the London.

10 Get part numbers for parts supplied by a supplier in London to a project in London.

11 Get all pairs of city names such that a supplier in the first city supplies a project in the second city.

12 Get part numbers for parts supplied to any project by a supplier in the same city as that project.

13 Get project numbers for projects supplied by at least one supplier not in the same city.

14 Get all pairs of part numbers such that some supplier supplies both the indicated parts.

15 Get the total number of projects supplied by supplier S1.

16 Get the total quantity of part P1 supplied by supplier S1.

17 For each part being supplied to a project, get the part number, the project number, and the
corresponding total quantity.

18 Get part numbers of parts supplied to some project in an average quantity of more than 350.

19 Get project names for projects supplied by supplier S1.

20 Get colors of parts supplied by supplier S1.

21 Get part numbers for parts supplied to any project in London.

22 Get project numbers for projects using at least one part available from supplier S1.

23 Get supplier numbers for suppliers supplying at least one part supplied by at least one supplier who
supplies at least one red part.

24 Get supplier numbers for suppliers with a status lower than that of supplier S1.

25 Get project numbers for projects whose city is first in the alphabetic list of such cities

26 Get project numbers for projects supplied with part P1 in an average quantity greater than the greatest
quantity in which any part is supplied to project J1

27 Get supplier numbers for suppliers supplying some project with part P1 in a quantity greater than the
average shipment quantity of part P1 for that project.

28 Get project numbers for project not supplied with any red part by any London supplier.

29 Get project numbers for projects supplied entirely by supplier SI.

30 Get part numbers for parts supplied to all projects in London.

31 Get supplier numbers for suppliers who supply the same part to all projects.

32 Get project numbers for projects supplied with at least all parts available from
supplier SI.

33 Get all cities in which at least one supplier. Part. Or project is located.

34 Get part numbers for parts that are supplied either by London supplier or to a London
project.

35 Get supplier-number/part-number pairs such that the indicated supplier does not
supply the indicated part.

36 Get all pairs of supplier numbers, Sx and Sy say. Such that Sx and Sy supply exactly
the same set of parts each. Note: For simplicity, you might want to use the original
suppliers-and-part data-base for this exercise, instead of the expanded suppliers-partprojects database.

37 Get a “grouped” version of all shipment showing, for each suppliers-number/partnumber pair, the corresponding project numbers and quantities in the form of a binary
relation.
